Now we are going to separate the bresats
from this crown.
If you look at it
inside the bird,
you're going to see the keel bone.
You're going to see some rib bones
as well as if I flip it over,
you will not see,
but you'll know in here
there is the wishbone.
What I like to do
when I start is I like to find
where the joint is on the wing, tip
with my finger, replace
my finger with the knife
and just cut right through the joint
so I can take the wing tip right off.
I like to do the same thing
on the other side, so again, I'm feeling
my way to the actual joint, replacing
my finger with the knife
and taking the wing tip off.
So now I'm left with
the drumette and the flat.
So in order for me to take
one of the breasts off the keel bone,
I need to use the whole knife
and being careful
not to put so much pressure as to, I'm
going to break right through the bones.
This is a very delicate bird,
so I like to use the whole knife,
make an incision
as close as possible to the keel.
And if I open it up,
you're going to be able
to see where the keel bone is.
I can feel the knife
touching the keel bone.
So my knife is an extension of my hand
as well as my non-cutting hand
is used to spread the meat
so I can follow the ribs along.
And that's going to expose the wishbone,
where I also follow the wishbone
along to the shoulder joint
and then I cut through the j- shoulder
joint.
And then I have a
supreme with the wing still attached.
I'm going to do the same process
on the other side using the whole knife,
putting my knife on the actual bird,
cutting down.
Putting my knife back feeling
where the keel bone,
I can feel it with the knife
and I'm going to twist the knife.
Follow the ribs, and with my non
cutting hand, I will open that up.
Find where the wishbone is
cut right down until I get to the joint
and then just cut right through the joint.
And this will be another
Supreme with the wing
still on. Here
you will see the keel bone
we discussed and the ribs.
And on the other side, the same thing.
And if I look here, we'll find some meat
that is underneath the actual
wishbone,
I like to harvest that meat off
so I can use it for other products.
So here is the wishbone.
Here is the keel bone. Here are the ribs.